Amiga Virtual
Language changed to
Language file not found, damaged or you haven't access to it!
Help
Select section...
Introduction to the basic functions of the AV
Before work, check out the buttons and menu. The first button opens the main menu, the second opens the menu to change the language of the program, the third program enters sleep mode, the fourth opens is the help window, the fifth closes this program.
To get started, you need to log in to the project's server. To do this, you need to register using the appropriate form - it will appear in front of you after loading the program. You can log in without registration: to do this, click "Log in as a guest". However, the guest account is limited, so we encourage you to register.
After login you can start to work. Click the "Exchange Center" tab, download the starter kit or needed modules and the Virtuals, then return to "Virtuals" tab, select or create a Virtual and click "Load". You will be prompted to select the loadable modules. After loading, you can chat, play and work with the selected Virtual. Your actions are limited only by a set of loaded modules and your imagination!
Congratulations, now you know the basic principles of working with the program Amiga Virtual!
System goes to sleep...
System wakes up!
Hello!
Welcome!
Good day!
Have a good time!
Good to see you!
Authorization
Virtuals
Chat
Exchange Center
Forum
Settings
Sign in to your account
Your nickname:
Your password:
I am an adult and capable citizen I am fully responsible for my actions
Your e-mail:
Choose a login option:
Forget your login information after completion of the program
Or automatically log when you run the program (not recommended)
Or enter as a guest
Or work offline
Authorize
Read terms of use
I accept the terms of use Amiga Virtual and behavior rules on the forum and Exchange Center
Register
Or create yourself an account
I give my consent to the processing of my personal data and the analysis of my behavior
Rules of using Exchange Center (EC), cloud storage and forum
I. User agrees:
1. Follow these rules and monitor their change.
2. Behave in the project (on the website, forums, CO, personal messages) with dignity, that is, try to keep at least the basic rules of decency and netiquette.
3. Agree with the decisions of moderators, if the moderators behavior is as valid and does not violate these rules.
4. Load in the EC source modules with the modules themselves. Modules without source code won't moderated in order to user security.
II. The user has the right to:
1. Appeal by e-mail solution Report on compliance with these rules.
2. Thinly troll users, if it does not cause anybody any harm.
3. To report to the incorrect (violation of these rules) the behavior of users and moderators on the administration of the project is intended to address this e-mail.
4. To place and make a request for the removal of his authorship of the content in the EC.
III. The user is prohibited from:
1. To break these rules or attempt to distort their meaning.
2. Behave in a beastly way with other Project users.
3. Fatty trolling, flaming, flooding, spamming, holivar etc. within the framework of the project, including by e-mail project, designed for specific purposes.
4. To create additional accounts in order to circumvent sanctions.
5. Load in the EC content whose author he is not. Allowed to retrieve only the author's content! Content loaded from several authors on their mutual agreement.
IV. Penalties users violate the rules:
1. Any breach of the rules of the user in one way or another limited access to the project, the degree of limitation is evaluated each time individually.
2. The minimum penalty - warning, maximum - lock your account at e-mail (more rigid lock can cause inconvenience to users).
Modules
Selected language:
(Use button [Я] to change the language)
Loading window of main program ("splash screen")
Full display (very slow)
Fast loading (faster)
Switch-off (fastest)
Default
Save
Help for module
Close windows of deleting modules to delete them.
Write here your phrase and push Enter
Entry field (on Chat tab)
One field for entry and output 
Separate fields for entry and output
Watch on logo for 3 second
Create new Virtual
Write name of Virtual:
Error creating Virtual files!
Error code:
Virtual
successfully created!
Available Virtuals
Available modules 
Info about selected Virtual
Create
Load
Rename
Delete
Settings...
Are you sure you want delete the Virtual named 
List empty or nothing selected.
Renaming Virtual
Write new name of the Virtual named
Select Virtual in the list on the left to see the information about it here.
Basic operations on the Virtuals and modules
On the "Virtuals" tab you can create a Virtual, load, rename, delete, and send them to the Exchange Center. In addition, you can read information about the selected Virtuale and select the modules to be used for Virtual's work. You can also delete modules.
Button "The sets of modules manager..." opens a window where you can select a set of modules. This feature allows you to save a set of required modules with a unique name.
Upload new Virtuals and modules can be on the Exchange Center tab.
Delete selected module
The sets of modules manager...
No modules selected.
Are you sure you want to remove a module with ID
Can't delete
not found.
Information
Statistics
Help
Start
Freeze
Open Window
Save data
Reset
Settings
nameless module
Unfreeze
Close Window
Information about module
Statistics module
Module ID:
Module Name:
The file name of the module:
Module type:
Status window:
Module status:
Help section index:
No statistics
Have statistics
This module have following interfaces:
Shut down Virtual
See pool messages
In pool we have this messages:
Control-code:
control-code undefined
Some of selected modules have the same control-code. This can lead to an endless cycle: the modules with the same control-codes will throw each other every message like playing tennis. However, it is not dangerous - the main program does not freezes, and you can always turn off Virtual. Click "OK" and uncheck unnecessary modules. Or you can load Virtual with conflicting modules - press the "Ignore".
Guest
Please log in the system.
Authorization successful.
Change account
Threads
Before exiting, turn off Virtual and close all windows of modules.
No modules selected. Check that need.
You haven't any modules so Virtual loading is impossible. Download some modules from Exchange Center.
You haven't any Virtuals. Create new one or download some from Exchange Center.
Authorized as guest named
Back
Home
Address
Bookmarks
Upload file
Go to the specific page
Add address to bookmarks
Go to
Loaded Virtual named
pcs.
Virtual unloaded. Now you can start another.
System: Virtual does not know the answer to your question. Enter the correct answer.
Notify about Virtual's ignorance
Save information
Current version:
Actual version:
Update program
Information on the selected content:
Download sources
Download
Or publish your own content:
Select content to be published
Choose category and content:
Modules
Virtuals
Documents
Search criteria:
This file already exists on the disk - remove it before downloading again.
The selected file is downloaded and saved. The full path to it:
Cloud saving and loading state of
Select the cloud
Login
Password
Log in
Save automatically
Load automatically
Save to the cloud right now
Load from the cloud right now